profile/README.md, before:

# OS/1337
### Project Readme

---

## Welcome
This is the OS/1337 Project Organization...
##

### INDEX
##### You'll find all the git's here: 
- [OS/1337](https://github.com/OS-1337/OS1337), a musl + toyboy/Linux Distribution aimed at being a CLI / TUI Desktop.
- [Default Configurations for OS/1337](https://github.com/OS-1337/conf.d), including default DNS & NTP Servers for use when none are provided by DHCP or DHCP is being turned off.
- [spm](https://github.com/OS-1337/spm), the Simple Package Manager for OS/1337
- [Packages](https://github.com/OS-1337/pkgs) and default repository for OS/1337 and spm
- [Source Code](https://github.com/OS-1337/os1337.github.io) for the [OS/1337 Website](https://os1337.com), which is pretty minimalist.
- [Links to Sourcecode Downloads](https://github.com/OS-1337/dl.srcs.d) used to build software as to provide supply chain transparency.
- [THIS README](https://github.com/OS-1337/.github) you're currently seeing.
##

## FAQs
### HowTo...
#### ...Contribute?
Just open up a pull request.
#### ...Report Problems?
Just open up an issue.
##

### Why?
See the detailed explainers in the README of the apporpriate git.
#### To put it simple for this organization: 
##### It became clear that there is more than one git needed and that organizing them is pretty much necessary.
##

---

Commit message:

Updated README.md to reflect changes. - Integrating entries for both [mlb](https://github.com/OS-1337/mlb), [demo.app](https://github.com/OS-1337/demo.app) and [netboot](https://github.com/OS-1337/netboot).

profile/README.md, after:

# OS/1337
### Project Readme

---

## Welcome
This is the OS/1337 Project Organization...
##

### INDEX
##### You'll find all the git's here: 
- [OS/1337](https://github.com/OS-1337/OS1337), a musl + toyboy/Linux Distribution aimed at being a CLI / TUI Desktop.
- [mlb](https://github.com/OS-1337/mlb), the Bootloader used for the OS/1337 Floppy Version.
- [Default Configurations for OS/1337](https://github.com/OS-1337/conf.d), including default DNS & NTP Servers for use when none are provided by DHCP or DHCP is being turned off.
- [spm](https://github.com/OS-1337/spm), the Simple Package Manager for OS/1337.
- [Packages](https://github.com/OS-1337/pkgs) for default repository for OS/1337 and spm.
- [```demo.app```](https://github.com/OS-1337/demo.app) to help developers to write applications and port them over to OS/1337.
- [Source Code](https://github.com/OS-1337/os1337.github.io) for the [OS/1337 Website](https://os1337.com), which is pretty minimalist.
- [Links to Sourcecode Downloads](https://github.com/OS-1337/dl.srcs.d) used to build software as to provide supply chain transparency.
- [Network Boot Configuration Files](https://github.com/OS-1337/netboot) to enable automatic network- and even internet booting of OS/1337 using [iPXE](https://ipxe.org). 
- [THIS README](https://github.com/OS-1337/.github) you're currently seeing.
##

## FAQs
### HowTo...
#### ...Contribute?
Just open up a pull request.
#### ...Report Problems?
Just open up an issue.
##

### Why?
See the detailed explainers in the README of the appropriate git.
#### To put it simple for this organization: 
##### It became clear that there is more than one git needed and that organizing them is pretty much necessary.
##

---
